setupButton Clicked
bitcoinButton Clicked
buyButton Clicked
amount2Button Clicked
buyButton Clicked
ethereumButton Clicked
buyButton Clicked
amount2Button Clicked
buyButton Clicked
litecoinButton Clicked
buyButton Clicked
amount2Button Clicked
buyButton Clicked
appleButton Clicked
buyButton Clicked
amount2Button Clicked
buyButton Clicked
googleButton Clicked
buyButton Clicked
amount2Button Clicked
buyButton Clicked
samsungButton Clicked
buyButton Clicked
amount2Button Clicked
buyButton Clicked
audiButton Clicked
buyButton Clicked
amount2Button Clicked
buyButton Clicked
porscheButton Clicked
buyButton Clicked
amount2Button Clicked
buyButton Clicked
volkswagenButton Clicked
buyButton Clicked
amount2Button Clicked
buyButton Clicked
portofolioButton Clicked
ethereumButton Clicked
buyButton Clicked
amount2Button Clicked
buyButton Clicked
portofolioButton Clicked
saveButton Clicked
