setupButton Clicked
bitcoinButton Clicked
buyButton Clicked
amount2Button Clicked
buyButton Clicked
ethereumButton Clicked
buyButton Clicked
amount2Button Clicked
buyButton Clicked
litecoinButton Clicked
buyButton Clicked
amount2Button Clicked
buyButton Clicked
appleButton Clicked
buyButton Clicked
amount2Button Clicked
buyButton Clicked
googleButton Clicked
buyButton Clicked
amount2Button Clicked
buyButton Clicked
samsungButton Clicked
buyButton Clicked
amount2Button Clicked
buyButton Clicked
audiButton Clicked
buyButton Clicked
amount2Button Clicked
buyButton Clicked
porscheButton Clicked
amount2Button Clicked
buyButton Clicked
volkswagenButton Clicked
amount2Button Clicked
buyButton Clicked
portofolioButton Clicked
volkswagenButton Clicked
buyButton Clicked
amount2Button Clicked
buyButton Clicked
portofolioButton Clicked
porscheButton Clicked
buyButton Clicked
amount2Button Clicked
buyButton Clicked
portofolioButton Clicked
bitcoinButton Clicked
sellButton Clicked
amount1Button Clicked
sellButton Clicked
ethereumButton Clicked
sellButton Clicked
amount1Button Clicked
sellButton Clicked
litecoinButton Clicked
sellButton Clicked
amount1Button Clicked
sellButton Clicked
appleButton Clicked
sellButton Clicked
amount1Button Clicked
sellButton Clicked
googleButton Clicked
sellButton Clicked
amount1Button Clicked
sellButton Clicked
samsungButton Clicked
sellButton Clicked
amount1Button Clicked
sellButton Clicked
audiButton Clicked
amount1Button Clicked
sellButton Clicked
porscheButton Clicked
amount1Button Clicked
sellButton Clicked
volkswagenButton Clicked
sellButton Clicked
amount1Button Clicked
sellButton Clicked
volkswagenButton Clicked
amount1Button Clicked
amount1Button Clicked
sellButton Clicked
amount1Button Clicked
sellButton Clicked
portofolioButton Clicked
audiButton Clicked
sellButton Clicked
amount1Button Clicked
sellButton Clicked
portofolioButton Clicked
porscheButton Clicked
sellButton Clicked
amount1Button Clicked
sellButton Clicked
portofolioButton Clicked
portofolioButton Clicked
saveButton Clicked
